---
title: Advisor profile
layout: default
permalink: /advisor-profile/
---

# [~/](/)Advisor profile
As an accomplished technology leader with extensive experience in various leadership positions, I offer expertise in software development, project planning, and team guidance. With a background as a CTO and Head of Technology in multiple startups, I have honed my skills in bootstrapping software projects and overseeing their successful execution. My passion for fostering inclusive environments has led me to actively engage in initiatives focused on neurodiversity and mental health, while also serving as a mentor to aspiring professionals in the field. As a leader in various companies I have brought a wealth of strategic thinking and planning.

## Experience
- Senior Consultant at SixPivot (2022-present): SixPivot is a software consultancy based in Australia with a diverse and 100% remote team. I work with clients ranging from startups, enterprise, and government, performing work that includes application development and technical and strategic reviews. I lead technical teams and work with multiple stakeholders to help clients achieve their goals. Additionally I've been deeply involved in planning, developing, and implementing several internal initiatives including a mentor program, neurodiversity and mental health education, policy planning, and professional development planning.
- Director of Engineering at Automattic (2020-2022): Automattic is a globally recognised company best known for developing WordPress and WooCommerce, used by millions of sites worldwide. As part of the WooCommerce division, I led a diverse international team of developers, guiding them through project planning, execution, and delivery. I collaborated closely with cross-functional stakeholders, aligning technical strategies with business objectives. I contributed to the successful launch of several projects and initiatives and improved engineering processes to enhance overall efficiency.
- CTO at WORK180 (2019): Partly a job board, but largely a certification partner for clients seeking to improve their diversity and representation of women, WORK180 is recognised as a leading advocate for women in the workplace. I played a pivotal role in establishing the technical vision, developing the product roadmap, and ensuring the timely delivery of high-quality features both internally and for our users and clients. I fostered a collaborative culture and provided mentorship to my team, driving their professional growth.
- Senior full-stack engineer at Livewire Markets (2017-2018): Livewire Markets is a financial news startup, publishing articles written by leaders in the financial industry and with a large significant readership who use the site as a primary news source. As the sole Ruby developer, I worked directly with team members across the company to deliver a top tier experience for authors, customers, and users.
- Head of Engineering at Ideacraft (2016-2017): Ideacraft was a product company that developed high volume management systems and IoT (smart beacon) technologies for a small number of clients. At Ideacraft, I was responsible for driving technological innovation, managing the development team, and overseeing the execution of key projects. I successfully designed and implemented scalable software solutions, contributing to the company's growth.

## Skills and Expertise
- DEI initiatives: I am passionate about promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion within the tech industry and in society as a whole. I actively participate in initiatives focused on neurodiversity and mental health, advocating for inclusive workplaces that value and support individuals from diverse backgrounds.
- Mentoring: I find guiding, mentoring, and coaching professionals incredibly satisfying, being able to share my experience and knowledge to help others succeed in their careers.
- Guiding development teams: I have deep experience in building and leading high-performing development teams. Using effective communication, mentorship, coaching, and collaboration, I empower individuals to reach their full potential, while also promoting knowledge sharing and best practices, including fostering psychologically safe workplaces.
- Strategic planning: With a hollistic and analytical mindset, I use my breadth of experience of software development across different markets to provide wide-ranging strategic planning, helping with decision making, and driving innovation.
- Project planning: With extensive experience in project planning, I have a track record of delivering projects on time and within budget. Using agile methodologies and effective resource allocation strategies, I can maximise productivity and reduce waste, while carefully managing expectations leading up to and throughout the project.
- Bootstrapping and designing software projects: I possess a deep understanding of agile software development methodologies, and I excel at designing robust and scalable architectures for complex projects. This extends to selecting appropriate technologies and frameworks to ensure efficient development processes.
- IoT and embedded engineering: I have a strong understanding of IoT technologies and embedded systems, having lead several projects that took advantage of embedded systems to deliver highly effective results.

With a combination of technical and leadership skills, strategic thinking, and a passion for creating inclusive environments, I am dedicated to helping organisations and individuals achieve their goals. Whether guiding software projects, cultivating high-performance teams, or driving DEI initiatives, I bring a wealth of unique experience and a humanist, collaborative approach to any role I undertake.
